I'd steer clear if they headed that tree
there gents hey what's up preacher fans
I am totally bummed out the season two
is over but don't worry I went back and
re-watch some episodes because I can't
get enough of Cassidy I just remember
that time I'm honestly it feels like
ages ago now we were talking about the
kinis and hang clothes just get into
trouble to me that's all that's for not
bowing down to lord Jesse by the way
quick trivia question for you guys at
home do you know how Cassidy was turned
into a vampire let me know in the
comments below or on twitter at ryan
arcpy so Jesse's bestest bro is 118
years old but he sure doesn't act as age
he's a morally corrupt sidekick with an
insatiable appetite for booze drugs
women and of course blood before we dive
into the best of Cassidy be sure to hit
subscribe so that you don't miss any of
our other videos on preacher Rick and
Morty channel zero and much more like a
road trip my book it's a gum sex and
drugs and shady characters dressed in
bikinis yeah I imagine that would be a
bit of an I'm in dog 17,000,000
circumcisions every year did the report
and that's just in this country think
you know why Cassie I don't want to 70
million baby boys far skin right severed
Harris played off somebody the bloody
warehouses you don't want to know what
they're using for who's the bank as it
if they really cares it's a big business
I know this is your first night together
and quite a while so I'd imagine you
have plans of a romantic nature it's
fine no yes I just I had to be a tow for
you
no you're not no listen an environment
when you're poor you got your folks
there shagging away right and top you
like lunatics practically yeah the
grunting rocking back for it's nice you
learn to sleep fruit all right I'm not
gonna be an issue it's not a problem for
me thanks guys
there's three possible explanations here
number one John Travolta you know the
movie where he gets his toe from a brain
tumor number two Jason Bourne gets a
spur from a secret confrontation see or
and it's the least likely but it's my
favorite scenario you're a Jedi now
assuming it's not number one how
unbelievably starved for we huh a
preacher you lousy can sorry but I see
in the nose he came as long as you're
not walking around with little kiddies
[ __ ] around your finger like a bloody
wedding ring it's hey we're ahead of the
game what the bloody hell happened there
shotgun
trash killed so he's walking the earth
for the first leg and Eversole shirt red
however we need Genesis back now Genesis
what like the bloody band
it's a terrible live I'm a right-handed
Sagittarius
they love Chinese people I had never
seen the Pacific Ocean and I think that
the big lebowski Zorba writers nice try
this is HBO
no one's made of money gand or I even
Dinklage faced business Christ skin
skin grafts we know the reported
foreskin into skin grafts it was on The
Oprah Winfrey Show
and they're putting it into the defense
creams you all use the garden hold up
they do not put foreskins face cream yes
they do it helps goodie collagen or
something like that
Jesse that is a lie you feel us anybody
for skins on you let you faint it's
little door yummers seeming skin see and
that's how we hockey she's kind of think
about us I met Jesus do you mean Jesus
Jesus or just some random Latino man no
Jesus Christ they saw my tea sheets are
silky bastards a they think a couple of
hundred foreskins gone into me at all
sees good you know everyone says it's
not supposed to make sense like that's
the whole point to and I'm just saying
you know that's like an excuse for lazy
storytelling just don't sell me shiz and
tell me it's called alright they may be
stored but I'm not high I mean actors
Thank You moon has a huge sense you know
I went to Atlantic City ones for the
waif of a Russian gangster right
honestly she was lovely but Atlantic
City turns out to be not much more than
a shack of shite so you know you know I
make mistakes totally your best
ingredients here
heroin rock cocaine lemon juice mineral
water tap water these days who knows
what seven you know what I mean no one
time
I took quite a bit of Angie girls and
then they drank a neat pack of red boom
winds will be the concert
honestly this is crazy note that's the
end of Steve Buscemi days of a hearse
hey you scatter his ashes go back to
ballin I mean what's the bloody point
what you know you were the only person
in this entire planet who doesn't like
that movie I saw true it's a it's a very
controversial film agents this woman
last night she told me about a secret
organization designs from world
domination you know about that
yes I'm sure which one is it Zog
Rosicrucians reptilians secret society
of alien lizards the impersonate
celebrities in an attempt to take off
the planet through popular culture is
that it no right
my name is Hester I Khajoor on
attractive I'm sorry I just like this
for his face and I just had the thought
said it out loud
hello they didn't want that is the feel
self-conscious
gonna have we're both blur twister we
could go someplace where I hear
Vancouver's Gretchen oh it's got good
math and nice hiking
it was drinking river water the unicorn
honestly stood under the stars it's just
beautiful scene regal majestic creature
he was thirsty
well yeah it's good fluffing around with
it an enormous horn on its head you know
I can only imagine the dehydration
without you that crack yeah and how do I
find a way of saying this without
hurting your feelings
my god it's hypnotic isn't it like a
school bus crashes they just I can't
take one so what do we do now fence your
shag or Horace hold hands or something
they were watching us this whole time
who the man in white star
Jesus God I wait a pastor badges in here
guys thank you so much for watching what
is your all-time favorite Cassidy quote
from the show let me know in the
comments below or on Twitter at Ryan
Eric P thank you so much for following
us all season long and we'll see you
soon